every one of nor for Moda mob com1
beauty trend then never seems to go away
is fuller lips there's a lot of products
that promise instant plumping without
injections and today we're trying out
the two-faced lip injection extreme lip
plumper to see if it actually works
all right so this should be easy and
quick so let's see how it goes I have no
lipstick no lipgloss nothing on my lips
right now as you can see one of the
downsides of these plumpers is they
don't feel pleasant okay so now I have
to wait probably like a minute before I
see it actually doing anything but again
one of the downsides my lips are already
burning a lot of people here in the
office tried it and they said that it
feels like you're being bitten by a bee
or mosquito uh-huh I don't know if I
want to feel that way all the time so
now I'm wearing it without any lipstick
underneath but if you're going out you
could wear your lipstick and then put
this gloss for the extra plum I wanted
to show you guys if it works that's why
I use it without any lipstick so then
when we see the before and after we'll
see if this lip injection extreme
actually does something the product
actually lasts probably from 30 to 40
minutes 30 minutes to an hour again it's
one of those things you have to keep on
applying it's just like lip gloss when I
put the product on it felt really itchy
and irritable now where the feeling is
dying down we're gonna take a picture so
we could see the before and after ended
up if it actually works alright so I
just tried the Too Faced lip injection
extreme and my opinion of it is that
it's not for everyday use I like using
it if I'm gonna go out at night but at
work or when I'm out it's just gonna get
really annoying because it does burn and
that's not a good feeling you want to
have on your lips all day every day
for more beauty trials log on to modem
opcom